
Dummy User

Joe Bloggs
joe@bloggs.com
password: 12345678

Event
London Marathon
Oxfam


slides 
------

Start with Justgiving slide and challenge being created (sandbox screenshot)
Screen shot of what Justgiving has on their page.

1) Our age bracket (18 - 34) make up the lowest contributors to charity events

2) Fundraising over the last couple of years has declined in real terms by over £1bn
3) Justgiving say that sharing an interesting post about your event will increase the chances of a friend donating by 20%

Charity has the preconceived status that money is raised because of guilt. We would like this to be fun!

eg: icebucketchallenge / nomakeupselfie

We chose JG becuase its a great platform that demonstrates the power of fundraising through social networks. 

Its a good system but it does not have a fun element that we were looking for. 

We can import live data from your Justgiving page, ask people to donate to your event. Make fundraising fun by getting challenged by your friends to do crazy tasks that are part of your training to encourage more sponsorship. 

We can also import data from Mapmyrun.com that logs your workout and maps the routes that you run. 

To bridge the gap and attempt to address the problem we would like to introduce challenge.me!

------
single slide with logo
------

challenge.me is a revolutionary web app that allows you to increase your chances of fundraising and encourages you to train for the event you are registered in. 

Until very recently, JustGiving events were automatically setting their fundraising target to £0.00 and 45% people never changed this, seriously hampering their chances of receiving any sponsorship. 


Lets show you how our friend Joe can make best use of challenge.me. 

--------
Background changes to challengeme homepage
--------

Joe is a hip, bearded middle aged dad. He has signed up on Justgiving to run the London marathon to raise money for Oxfam. After using their sharing buttons for Facebook and Twitter, he has run out of ideas on how he can get his friends and relatives to donate some more money so he can smash his targets. 

He wishes there was a more fun way of raising money!!


Joe goes back to find out more about the Challenge Me website

Challenge Me homepage
---------------------

Joe goes onto the homepage to search for his friends page again.

Video of entering name into search
----------------------------------
- Lands on his friend (Toan's) events display and sees the numerous events Toan has done.
- Clicks the event he remembers challenging Toan for
- has a brief look on the page at the timeline

Decides to create his own. 
--------------
Clicks homepage link

When he signs up using his email address, challengeme will get all his event details from Justgiving automatically and create a page for Joe. He can then add his own profile picture and then populate his page with status updates of how he is training for the London Marathon. 

Toan hears that Joe is running the marathon so goes online to checkout his page and challenges Joe in return to eat a 1kg tub of coleslaw and he will donate £10.00. 

Joe accepts the challenge and posts a video of this online so Toan can then go to pay!

While training Joe has also logged all of his training runs with Map my run and he can sync his account regularly to keep his friends up to date with the pain that he is going through to train for the marathon.

(screenshots from mapmyrun to show data being entered)

Technologies Used
-------------------

The database is built on Rails, a database technology that we have been learning for the last 3 weeks. The platform we have built is designed to sit on top of JustGiving and also communicate with Map My Run to co-ordinate the data in an easy to read format. 


What we would like to add
----------------------

Given more time, we would have liked to have deeper social intergration as Facebook social sharing is one of the most successful ways of raising funds. 

Provide text message and email notification to sponsors when challenges are completed. 

Integrate with other fundraising platforms like Virgin Money Giving


